README.md, before:

# dotfiles
For storing my workflow config files so that it can follow me anywhere. Add more as needed!

Copy config file to dotfiles repo:
```bash
mv ~/.vimrc ~/dotfiles/vimrc
# Create a symlink so vim still finds it
ln -s ~/dotfiles/vimrc ~/.vimrc

# Add your shell config
mv ~/.bashrc ~/dotfiles/bashrc
ln -s ~/dotfiles/bashrc ~/.bashrc
```

It's recommended to store the files without the leading dot in the repo for better visibility.

My inspo for the `bashrc` config is from [this](https://gitlab.com/dwt1/dotfiles/-/blob/master/.bashrc?ref_type=heads) repo.

# How to use
## Pre-requisite
Must make sure `tpm` is installed first before using `.tmux.conf`! Make sure you run:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tpm ~/.tmux/plugins/tpm
```

And then do **prefix + I** where **I** is the key stroke **shift+I** since it is capitalized. I always get confused with this and don't understand why the plugins are not fetched...

## Quick Setup
Instead of running all the commands, you can use `setup.sh` for easy setup!
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/dotfiles.git ~/dotfiles
cd ~/dotfiles
./setup.sh
```

## Manual Setup
When setting up the configs manually:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/dotfiles.git ~/dotfiles
cd ~/dotfiles
ln -s ~/dotfiles/vimrc ~/.vimrc
# etc for other configs
```

Commit message:

[setup] Feat: Added support for fzf, added auto install to setup.sh
Now automatically installs fzf, tmux, neovim etc. through the bash script

README.md, after:

# dotfiles
For storing my workflow config files so that it can follow me anywhere. Add more as needed! The editor config here is only for `vim` - for Neovim setup on a new computer, consult my `kickstart.nvim` repo [here](https://github.com/davdma/kickstart.nvim).

# Adding to the repo

To add any existing config files to the dotfiles repo, use the following:
```bash
mv ~/.vimrc ~/dotfiles/vimrc
# Create a symlink so vim still finds it
ln -s ~/dotfiles/vimrc ~/.vimrc

# Add your shell config
mv ~/.bashrc ~/dotfiles/bashrc
ln -s ~/dotfiles/bashrc ~/.bashrc
```

It's recommended to store the files without the leading dot in the repo for better visibility.

My inspo for the `bashrc` config is from [this](https://gitlab.com/dwt1/dotfiles/-/blob/master/.bashrc?ref_type=heads) repo.

# How to use
## Pre-requisite
Must make sure `tpm` is installed first before using `.tmux.conf`! The `setup.sh` handles this for you. If that does not work you will have to run:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tpm ~/.tmux/plugins/tpm
```

To enable the plugins post `tpm` install, you must manually then do **prefix + I** in a `tmux` session where **I** is the key stroke **shift+I** since it is capitalized. I always get confused with this and don't understand why the plugins are not fetched...

## Quick Setup
Instead of running all the commands, you can use `setup.sh` for easy setup! The setup script installs `tpm`, `fzf`, and `starship` and activates the config files for you.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/davdma/dotfiles.git ~/dotfiles
cd ~/dotfiles
./setup.sh
```

Afterwards you will have to activate the plugins for `tmux` with prefix + I and for neovim by starting it up with `nvim`.

## Manual Setup
When setting up the configs manually:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/davdma/dotfiles.git ~/dotfiles
cd ~/dotfiles
ln -s ~/dotfiles/vimrc ~/.vimrc
# etc for other configs
```

You will also have to manually install the required packages:

```bash
# install starship on linux
curl -sS https://starship.rs/install.sh | sh

# install fzf
brew install fzf
```
